I am an experienced software engineer working for almost twenty years who is flexible, adaptable and able to manage multiple priorities at the same time, all of this makes me  believe that I would be a strong candidate for your vacancy. As a driven individual who wants to progress, I am now looking to work in an energetic and performance-driven environment where talent is not overlooked. I feel your forward thinking and exciting company is a natural place for a hard working team player like myself who is forward thinking, fully accountable and resilient.   
With my present employer, where I have worked for the last one and half years, I am renowned for being able to motivate, mobilise, and coach my fellow colleagues to meet high performance standards. I can easily work with others in a professional manner while attempting to achieve a common goal, and would like to highlight my key strengths in areas such as c, c++, Java, PHP5, Visual Basic,ASP.net,VB.net, C#, Machine Learning, Big Data, Hadoop, Python, Django and frameworks like codeignitor, yii, zend, kohana and cms like drupal, joomla, wordpress and magento,.Reprting tools used are crystal reports, activex reports,pdf reports. Databases used are sql server 2000, sql server 2005 ,sql server 2008,  mysql ,postgresql, mongodb and oracle 11g . I have professional certifications on ITIL Expert, Prince2 Practitioner, TOGAF9.2, CDCS(Certified Data Center Specialist),CDCP(Certified Data Center Professional), Cobit 5 Foundation, CDFOM( Certified data facilities operations manager), Certified Agile Scrum Master. Apart from my record as a professional software engineer  which speaks for itself, I am a sociable person who has a natural ability of talking to, and building relationships with, all kinds of people. I also consider myself to be a personable professional whose strengths include cultural sensitivity and an ability to build rapport with a diverse workforce in multicultural settings.  
One of my strongest points is my self-motivation which allows me to perform well under pressure and against aggressive deadlines in any pressurised environment. Being a highly analytical thinker I am able to quickly identify, scrutinise, improve, and streamline complex work processes.  

